#### Foreword
This project is intended to implement simple and ready to use MVC-architecture for small projects, without using web-frameworks. The architecture of this application is based on Yii2 basic template, so we have majority of analogous features, as Yii2 has.

#### The ways to use architecture
##### Deployment
1. First things first, we need to clone this repo to our working machine and appropriate working directory. As soon as we do this step, we need to install all our project dependencies from **composer.json** file, using command `composer install`. We assume, that we will use Apache2 web-server, so we have configured **.htaccess** file inside our project. However, you need to enable the support of **.htaccess** file in your Apache2 configuration file. If everything is not going wrong, we can follow to **127.0.0.1:8080**.
2. Initially we have 1 controller, created as an instance for other controllers. It means, that we can create any other controllers, based on the code logic of _SiteController_. By similar way, it works in Yii2. For more information, read. [These approaches](https://www.yiiframework.com/doc/guide/2.0/en/structure-controllers) are applied for our architecture. Almost the same case with models. Initially we have 1 model, created as an instance for other models. If it needs to create a new page for our application(route), we must specify this route, by using convention **'<route>' => '<controller>/<action>'**. For example, our initial route(_'' => 'site/index'_) refers to home page and as a handler for this route we use SiteController and its action index(actionIndex). 
